so this is the first booking for tesseract idea throw around tesseract is going to be a book about sci-fi mostly interdimensional travel and essentially expanding the OC. The OC is going to be C43. Why C43? The concept for C43 would be like this character is an experiment, therefore he doesn't have a past. He only has a set of guidelines that he must abide and a haziness of what his goal should be. He is mostly trying to understand himself and go back to what was the status quo. So the reasons why it happens and the reasons why he's there only are revealed in the middle of the story. So what I want to do is to essentially drop little hints across the story about why he is there and the different ways that you can end up there. so essentially the story centers around the concept of a tesseract which would be a fourth dimensional object displaced in a three-dimensional world it's a way to explain how the fourth dimension works for all intents and purposes because when you scan through the 2d object you are essentially slicing the object infinitely to put it in a second dimension but when you are Putting a fourth dimensional object into a third dimensional object is essentially a collection of different states of a third dimensional object so time would be the fourth dimensional object the fourth dimension that will allow us to understand shit because essentially a story is a fourth dimensional uh object which would make it very interesting if at the end of the story you are essentially holding a fourth dimensional object you saw the ways that which this character changed how the story started and ended and now you have your very own tesseract which would be something very interesting. Okay, let's talk character powers. I'm only willing to give the character five powers. I'll start with the most complicated and go with the easiest. The Impossible Paradox is a power that allows you to return to states in time determined by yourself, and to essentially have various safe states across the activation. When you activate Impossible Paradox, you cannot access other powers, but you are free to do whatever you want within that paradox. If you die before you finish the activation of... before you close or before you... deactivate the impossible paradox you go to your earliest safe state so let's say that I want to my goal is to punch somebody and essentially knock them out I start the impossible paradox and I'm running towards the person and I immediately I go I punch them I punch them I punch them I punch them I punch them and let's say in the middle they explode I would die And I would return to either the beginning or a preselected point in that safe state. And after that, I would do it again, again, again, again, and again. And it would essentially leave a green hue into the correct timeline. Because to make it interesting and to stop it from being a very bad stuff is the more You essentially, whenever you start the impossible paradox, you have to have a goal in mind so that it can deactivate. You can't just deactivate it because you don't like it. You are eventually going to, what would it be again? Once you start it, you can't end it. And the more vague the goal, the more the possibilities. Let's say that I want to defeat... Let's say I'm fighting Doctor Doom, and I want to defeat Doctor Doom with no casualties. I am going to defeat Doctor Doom, but I am going to, let's say, destroy a lot of buildings and stuff like that, but there are not going to be any casualties. Everybody's going to be hurt, but there are not going to be any casualties. And because of that, you essentially have a leeway in what you can do within the impossible paradox. Because the impossible paradox has the mode where it essentially makes you experience every single possibility until you find the possibility that best suits the goal that you gave at the start of the impossible paradox. You might have been able to defeat Doctor Doom. But if there is a piece of Doctor Doom in somebody else, and the best way to essentially destroy that is to kill that person, you now have to kill that person. Which is something that is going to be used against the main character, and it's going to make them... not use the impossible paradox as much because the reason why the main character is in a specific universe or dimension doing a mission is because they are essentially doing tasks of the forgotten shores um every single dimensional traveler has what you would call an anchor a set of data that has all of the information regarding themselves and immediately determines who they are essentially and this holds essentially all of your information and if you want to go to a different universe you essentially have to condense all of this information becoming a fourth dimensional being and going to another three dimensional reality which is the way that I would explain how these characters can travel across universes and because of that you would need to change your information so that you are able to go to another universe but because of that you essentially have to pay a toll if you are in another universe essentially different universes have different systems in which they regulate and they check hey how is it um How can I access this reality? What can I do? Essentially, every reality checks against itself to make sure that it's working properly. It's much easier to assume that realities work in a... in a software-like manner, and it's a mystery. Nobody knows why it works in a software-like manner until at the end of the story it's revealed, oh, it's like a fucking paradox. So yeah, so the impossible paradox is a power that enables you to do anything and achieve any goal, but at costs that you don't know. So when you start the impossible paradox, you have to set, if you want to use it well, You have to set a lot of very specific parameters to actually make it work. And the impossible paradox never gives you anything that you don't have. It's not going to make sure that you have the same power as Dr. Bloom to find Dr. Bloom. The only thing it's going to do is essentially give you impossible chances and an impossible amount of chances to find the solution to the things that you need to do. So let's say I want to find Dr. Bloom. I want to fight Dr. Doom without the cost of my body, without this, this, this, this, this, and that. And you start the impossible paradox. But you would have to go through all of those options. And the more strict, the more amount of tries you have to do. And that breaks some people. That breaks a lot of individuals. And yeah, that's the impossible paradox. And then there is multiplication. The way multiplication would work is that essentially you are calling different beings from different universes or different views to help you with it about. Which is something that you can always do, but you can also do something called a mimicry. What would it be? You are essentially calling the avatars of the bodies of the people that you are using, which would enable you to make insane combinations of essentially you. Like, oh my god, I have a blade about to touch my neck, and essentially a hand pops out of my neck, stopping the blade, which enables me to like punch the individual, and it would be a very strategic and a very good way to use it. You would essentially have access to different versions of yourself that could help you at any time, and of course you would need coins for this. There is portal creation, which is essentially you open different segments within a three-dimensional object and you essentially jump from this object to another in essentially a wormhole and stuff like that, which would be used for transportation and stuff like that. Then you have teleportation which could be used offensively because when you are using teleportation you can essentially choose the parameters of your teleportation. Is your teleportation going to be a teleportation that stops all possible momentum and that stops all possible stuff from going through and into something and immediately tells it? Is it a teleportation that essentially pulls everything apart to create space for you? Is it a teleportation that keeps the momentum meaning If I teleport from one point to another, am I going to be keeping my momentum entering and leaving? Or am I just going to have all those parameters reset and just be dropped at that current location? And one thing, can you teleport other people? And let's be honest, I'm just going to say, no, you can't teleport other people. You can only teleport yourself. Because to teleport other people, you would have to essentially change their information. Which is a problem, because it essentially triggers the checking of realities twice. Realities would essentially have to check the different existences that they have within their reality twice, which could create what we call data corruption. Essentially, realities for dimensional beings are all made up of what we call information. The infinite amount of characteristics that each of them holds. And because of that, we need to make sure that that information stays okay, either that or the information starts to decay. The different informations that you find within yourself that allow you to be yourself are set, and they often don't change. So if the information changes, A good part of your information also changes, talking like a domino. Because your information checks itself against itself to make sure that it makes sense with itself so that it can function. You know? And because of that, changing data requires a good lot of work. There are people who aren't capable of changing data, but changing data is like coding. If you are testing untested code, you cease to fucking exist because your information can't check with itself and it can't work. And because of that, you cease to exist. Your memories stop existing. Every single tracking of you stops existing. And essentially that is the, what the forgotten shores are. What are the forgotten shores? Forgotten shores are essentially data that got so lost that the individual that existed before, doesn't exist right now, but their data didn't, the data disassembled. It didn't stop disappearing. No data stops disappearing, the data just disassembles. And if you are within a data cluster and that data cluster doesn't check out with itself, you unfortunately go back to the Forgotten Shores. You can use coins made from your Forgotten Shore to essentially make a request. Within the Forgotten Shores, there are what you would call impossible. problems like so world hunger within my world do this do that this today because often when someone is understanding okay I'm going to cease existing better make sure that I use the less of the data that I have so that somebody from another universe can just help me achieve the goal that I want to achieve and it's in those forgotten shores that extremely high risk missions if they feel themselves that they are okay. Because often those same forgotten shores, they have a time limit. Why do they have a time limit? Because when you are within a dimension, you have a certain amount of coins to be in that dimension. You can't change your data because it essentially destroys your anchor to your world and if your anchor is officially damaged but integral because just because your anchor is damaged doesn't mean that it isn't integral you can essentially take part of your anchor to make coins which you can trade with other parts of yourself so that you are able to travel within universes so that you can make requests to other people essentially everybody that's capable of traveling from dimension to dimension cuts apart of their anchor, so that one, they aren't immediately tied to the universe that they live in, and two, that they have trading power amongst dimensions. There are dimensions that are more, all dimensions are equally sour over because of the different ways that everybody thinks. We are talking about a unlimited universe. It is infinite. We are not talking about only the multiverse, we are talking about the omniverse. We are talking about every single thing. Every single thing. So it's an infinite amount of people who want to be in your dimension and an infinite amount of people that are not interested in your dimension. And because of that, it's very easy to get some things, but a lot of them have a sense of preservation, for all intents and purposes. And a forgotten shorn, payout it only really happens and it only is given you essentially have a reward cost and operations cost because to be in that dimension you need a certain amount of coins so that you can bypass the dimensional checking and you can do what you need to do and the different amounts of powers that you have it would essentially be code that you hold for that dimension you essentially you use the coins that you would use to bypass the check and into using the different powers that essentially change the dimension to grant you powers because powers don't come out of nowhere if you are an individual that can lift 100 pounds and you want to lift 200 pounds that power has to come from somewhere if it's not coming from things within the dimension then it's coming from the changes of rules within that dimension telekinesis which is another power that my character has essentially Does that add an extreme intricate level? And because it's so unreliable from time to time, a lot of people only use it as a beginning power before they can get things that are more concrete. For example, a lot of telekinesis users can make telemobaric changes by changing pressure, which enables them to make fire, or to essentially make ice, among so many other things, but because of how low cost but high skill ceiling the power is, a lot of people don't really want to get themselves involved with using such a intricate power, and a power that has a certain degree of risk. Because, being honest, if you are using telekinesis, you are changing data, within something. You're essentially taking something from something, which means that your power is immediately tied with the forces that you can often find in that energy, in that universe. For example, let's say that you have, oh no, I don't care.

# paragrafado 
So this is the first booking for Tesseract, idea throw around. Tesseract is going to be a book about sci-fi, mostly interdimensional travel, and essentially expanding the OC. The OC is going to be C43. Why C43? The concept for C43 would be like this: character is an experiment, therefore he doesn't have a past. He only has a set of guidelines that he must abide and a haziness of what his goal should be. He is mostly trying to understand himself and go back to what was the status quo. So the reasons why it happens and the reasons why he's there only are revealed in the middle of the story. So what I want to do is to essentially drop little hints across the story about why he is there and the different ways that you can end up there.

So essentially the story centers around the concept of a tesseract, which would be a fourth dimensional object displaced in a three-dimensional world. It's a way to explain how the fourth dimension works; for all intents and purposes, because when you scan through a 2D object you are essentially slicing the object infinitely to put it in a second dimension, but when you are putting a fourth dimensional object into a third dimension, it is essentially a collection of different states of a third dimensional object. So time would be the fourth dimension, the fourth dimensional object that will allow us to understand, because essentially a story is a fourth dimensional object, which would make it very interesting if at the end of the story you are essentially holding a fourth dimensional object: you saw the ways that which this character changed, how the story started and ended, and now you have your very own tesseract, which would be something very interesting.

Okay, let's talk character powers. I'm only willing to give the character five powers. I'll start with the most complicated and go with the easiest. The Impossible Paradox is a power that allows you to return to states in time determined by yourself, and to essentially have various safe states across the activation. When you activate Impossible Paradox, you cannot access other powers, but you are free to do whatever you want within that paradox. If you die before you finish the activation, before you close or before you deactivate the impossible paradox, you go to your earliest safe state.

So let's say that my goal is to punch somebody and essentially knock them out. I start the impossible paradox and I'm running towards the person, and I immediately go, I punch them, I punch them, I punch them, I punch them, I punch them, and let's say in the middle they explode, I would die. And I would return to either the beginning or a preselected point in that safe state. And after that, I would do it again, again, again, again, and again. And it would essentially leave a green hue into the correct timeline.

Because to make it interesting and to stop it from being very bad stuff is: the more... essentially, whenever you start the impossible paradox, you have to have a goal in mind so that it can deactivate. You can't just deactivate it because you don't like it. You are eventually going to... what would it be again? Once you start it, you can't end it. And the more vague the goal, the more the possibilities. Let's say that I want to defeat Doctor Doom with no casualties. I am going to defeat Doctor Doom, but I am going to, let's say, destroy a lot of buildings and stuff like that, but there are not going to be any casualties. Everybody's going to be hurt, but there are not going to be any casualties. And because of that, you essentially have a leeway in what you can do within the impossible paradox.

Because the impossible paradox has the mode where it essentially makes you experience every single possibility until you find the possibility that best suits the goal that you gave at the start. You might have been able to defeat Doctor Doom. But if there is a piece of Doctor Doom in somebody else, and the best way to essentially destroy that is to kill that person, you now have to kill that person. Which is something that is going to be used against the main character, and it's going to make them not use the impossible paradox as much, because the reason why the main character is in a specific universe or dimension doing a mission is because they are essentially doing tasks of the Forgotten Shores.

Every single dimensional traveler has what you would call an anchor: a set of data that has all of the information regarding themselves and immediately determines who they are essentially, and this holds essentially all of your information. And if you want to go to a different universe, you essentially have to condense all of this information, becoming a fourth dimensional being, and going to another three dimensional reality, which is the way that I would explain how these characters can travel across universes. And because of that, you would need to change your information so that you are able to go to another universe. But because of that, you essentially have to pay a toll.

If you are in another universe, essentially different universes have different systems in which they regulate and they check: hey, how is it? How can I access this reality? What can I do? Essentially, every reality checks against itself to make sure that it's working properly. It's much easier to assume that realities work in a software-like manner, and it's a mystery. Nobody knows why it works in a software-like manner until at the end of the story it's revealed, oh, it's like a fucking paradox.

So yeah, so the impossible paradox is a power that enables you to do anything and achieve any goal, but at costs that you don't know. So when you start the impossible paradox, you have to set, if you want to use it well, you have to set a lot of very specific parameters to actually make it work. And the impossible paradox never gives you anything that you don't have. It's not going to make sure that you have the same power as Doctor Doom to find Doctor Doom. The only thing it's going to do is essentially give you impossible chances and an impossible amount of chances to find the solution to the things that you need to do.

So let's say I want to find Doctor Doom. I want to fight Doctor Doom without the cost of my body, without this, this, this, this, and that. And you start the impossible paradox. But you would have to go through all of those options. And the more strict, the more amount of tries you have to do. And that breaks some people. That breaks a lot of individuals. And yeah, that's the impossible paradox.

And then there is multiplication. The way multiplication would work is that essentially you are calling different beings from different universes or different views to help you. Which is something that you can always do, but you can also do something called mimicry. You are essentially calling the avatars of the bodies of the people that you are using, which would enable you to make insane combinations of essentially you. Like, oh my god, I have a blade about to touch my neck, and essentially a hand pops out of my neck, stopping the blade, which enables me to punch the individual, and it would be a very strategic and a very good way to use it. You would essentially have access to different versions of yourself that could help you at any time, and of course you would need coins for this.

There is portal creation, which is essentially you open different segments within a three-dimensional object and you essentially jump from this object to another in essentially a wormhole and stuff like that, which would be used for transportation.

Then you have teleportation, which could be used offensively because when you are using teleportation you can essentially choose the parameters of your teleportation. Is your teleportation going to be a teleportation that stops all possible momentum and that stops all possible stuff from going through? Is it a teleportation that essentially pulls everything apart to create space for you? Is it a teleportation that keeps the momentum, meaning if I teleport from one point to another, am I going to be keeping my momentum entering and leaving? Or am I just going to have all those parameters reset and just be dropped at that current location? And one thing, can you teleport other people? And let's be honest, I'm just going to say, no, you can't teleport other people. You can only teleport yourself.

Because to teleport other people, you would have to essentially change their information. Which is a problem, because it essentially triggers the checking of realities twice. Realities would essentially have to check the different existences that they have within their reality twice, which could create what we call data corruption. Essentially, realities for dimensional beings are all made up of what we call information: the infinite amount of characteristics that each of them holds. And because of that, we need to make sure that that information stays okay; either that or the information starts to decay. The different informations that you find within yourself that allow you to be yourself are set, and they often don't change.

So if the information changes, a good part of your information also changes, talking like a domino. Because your information checks itself against itself to make sure that it makes sense with itself so that it can function. You know? And because of that, changing data requires a good lot of work. There are people who aren't capable of changing data, but changing data is like coding. If you are testing untested code, you cease to fucking exist because your information can't check with itself and it can't work. And because of that, you cease to exist. Your memories stop existing. Every single tracking of you stops existing.

And essentially that is what the Forgotten Shores are. What are the Forgotten Shores? Forgotten Shores are essentially data that got so lost that the individual that existed before, doesn't exist right now, but their data didn't... the data disassembled. It didn't stop disappearing. No data stops disappearing, the data just disassembles. And if you are within a data cluster and that data cluster doesn't check out with itself, you unfortunately go back to the Forgotten Shores.

You can use coins made from your Forgotten Shore to essentially make a request. Within the Forgotten Shores, there are what you would call impossible problems, like "solve world hunger within my world", "do this", "do that". Because often when someone is understanding, "okay I'm going to cease existing", better make sure that I use the less of the data that I have so that somebody from another universe can just help me achieve the goal that I want to achieve. And it's in those Forgotten Shores that extremely high risk missions happen, if they feel themselves that they are okay.

Because often those same forgotten shores, they have a time limit. Why do they have a time limit? Because when you are within a dimension, you have a certain amount of coins to be in that dimension. You can't change your data because it essentially destroys your anchor to your world, and if your anchor is officially damaged but integral—because just because your anchor is damaged doesn't mean that it isn't integral—you can essentially take part of your anchor to make coins, which you can trade with other parts of yourself so that you are able to travel within universes, so that you can make requests to other people.

Essentially everybody that's capable of traveling from dimension to dimension cuts a part of their anchor, so that one, they aren't immediately tied to the universe that they live in, and two, that they have trading power amongst dimensions. There are dimensions that are more... all dimensions are equally sour over because of the different ways that everybody thinks. We are talking about an unlimited universe. It is infinite. We are not talking about only the multiverse, we are talking about the omniverse. We are talking about every single thing. Every single thing. So it's an infinite amount of people who want to be in your dimension and an infinite amount of people that are not interested in your dimension. And because of that, it's very easy to get some things, but a lot of them have a sense of preservation, for all intents and purposes.

And a Forgotten Shore payout, it only really happens and it only is given; you essentially have a reward cost and operations cost, because to be in that dimension you need a certain amount of coins so that you can bypass the dimensional checking and you can do what you need to do. And the different amounts of powers that you have, it would essentially be code that you hold for that dimension. You essentially use the coins that you would use to bypass the check to use the different powers that essentially change the dimension to grant you powers, because powers don't come out of nowhere.

If you are an individual that can lift 100 pounds and you want to lift 200 pounds, that power has to come from somewhere. If it's not coming from things within the dimension, then it's coming from the changes of rules within that dimension. Telekinesis, which is another power that my character has, essentially... does that add an extreme intricate level? And because it's so unreliable from time to time, a lot of people only use it as a beginning power before they can get things that are more concrete.

For example, a lot of telekinesis users can make telekinetic changes by changing pressure, which enables them to make fire, or to essentially make ice, among so many other things. But because of how low cost but high skill ceiling the power is, a lot of people don't really want to get themselves involved with using such an intricate power, and a power that has a certain degree of risk. Because, being honest, if you are using telekinesis, you are changing data within something. You're essentially taking something from something, which means that your power is immediately tied with the forces that you can often find in that energy, in that universe. For example, let's say that you have... oh no, I don't care.

