https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YNy16bvCiY&pp=ygVdSU5URVJWSUVXSU5HIE9VUiBGQVZPUklURSBMSVZJTkcgQVVUSE9SISEhIFdlIEludGVydmlld2VkIFJvYmluIEhvYmIgYXQgV29ybGRDb24gU2VhdHRsZSAyMDI1

I'm Kristen. And I'm Maddie. We're sisters and heavy readers. Join us every single week to talk stories, interview authors, and collab with fellow book nerds. Welcome to the Kristen Mad Show. Welcome back to the show, you guys. We are coming to you live from World Con. Our guest today is our favorite living author. Robin Hobb wrote the incredible series The Realm of the Elderlings. Thank you so much for joining us today. How are you enjoying WorldCon? It's been wonderful. Um, it's it's a lot of work

this year because uh I foolishly booked things very close together, but um it's been wonderful to see old friends that I have not seen since precoid. So that's been the big advantage for me. >> Yes, it's so fun seeing your chemistry with some of your fellow authors and we were wondering about that. Like are these just like old friends? Is it like reunions when you come to the convention? It's like any friendship that you come back to, whe whether you're seeing somebody from high school

or grade school or your cousin you haven't seen for years. Some people you pick up exactly where you left off and it's like no time at all has passed. And other people it's like, "Oh, well, who are you now?" And um it's always interesting to find out how people have grown and changed and also how they have stayed the same and where you still connect. So, you told a story yesterday on a panel about how you love to research your stories and you mentioned a rolodex on your desk of human beings

that you love to reach out to when you're doing specific research. So, we wondered if you had a specific story you could tell us of a fun time that you got to do some really fun research for a story. >> Well, research is something that's a constant. Um, okay. The character Molly is a beekeeper >> and I knew nothing about being a beekeeper. So the trick to it is you go to the library and you open at that time the card file >> and you look through it for the ones that have a J juvenile and then you go

to the children's section because in the children's section everything is illustrated and labeled and it's the most interesting facts. And so then you skim enough of it that you can pretend you know about being a beekeeper and put that into the book. But you on the way you discover all kinds of interesting things. For instance, um I forget what I was researching it for, but uh according to this one book, uh the Vikings were very fond of very small lap dogs. And if you injured somebody's very small lap

dog, their vengeance could be to kill you, which makes perfect. I mean, if somebody hurt Lulu, what would you do? And I'm sorry I'm I'm doing it aside to somebody who's invisible here, >> but um things like that and like the curly toes on shoes that that according to the book I read originated with the Vikings, which you don't think of the Vikings walking around with lap dogs and curly toes on their shoes. But according to this one children's book, that was absolutely how it was. So um again, I'm

I'm not vouching for this. That was the only source I found for it. But um that's the kind of fascinating things you find when you go first to the children's section to do your research. >> Oh my gosh, that's amazing. >> Well, that's brilliant because that's about my reading level. >> I feel like I could do that kind of research. Your imagination is unmatched. I think everybody knows that. Where does your creativity come from? Or do you have rituals that help you get into the

creative zone? you get the germ of a story idea and a a lot of times I will uh kick it around and say what if it happened this way what if it happened that way and then you know you see the clearest path the strongest current for the story and you follow it but um it's it's not like I I'm meditate or anything if if I get stuck you know what alpha waves are for your brain right >> no >> oh okay um >> you can Um uh sometimes it's uh go take a go just stand in the shower and and or

or um for me it's if I am stuck and I don't know quite where a scene is going, I might go outside and sit on the lawn tractor and mow the pasture and just go back and forth cutting the grass and just not think about it until suddenly you go, "Oh, okay. I now I know what I'm going to do." So >> Oh, yeah. There's times with Kristen. Kristen comes to my house usually to do our creative work and I can't tell you how many times I started a conversation with her. So I was in the shower and I

was thinking I got this idea. So yes, I I resonate. Okay. So we love your characters so much. I even love your villains so much. I think that Kennet is one of the most fascinating characters I've ever read. So each one contains multitudes and contradictions and feels so real to life. But what we wanted to ask you about is can you tell us how you're able to write so true across so many ages and stages of life? Like how do you write a teenage Malta who's so real with also, you know, Aronica Vestit? How do you do

it? I think that we we all know a wide spectrum of people and when you're writing a character for me it's you have to put the character on like you'd put on a coat and for the time you are writing that character you agree with everything that character believes you believe what they believe you would approve of their decisions that they would make based on what they believe and you love them because you know because it's you so uh then you can write the character I think believably

probably because um you you know if you're writing a villain and you say he just likes to be evil, it's you know you've lost it right there. I mean why why people can't find any place to hook into that character and care about what they're doing or care about what it costs them to do what they're doing. So um trying to to love the character, believe in the character and say, you know, why do you believe what you believe? It doesn't really matter because they believe it. So there you

go. >> Wow. >> That makes me think about when dad did a deep dive with you on live ship and our dad is reading it with us and he said, "I might have raised a couple maltas myself." to our whole audience. They were like, "Oh, >> I think every almost every teenage, every girl I know has been Malta at one time or another, and sometimes it's only for half an hour, sometimes it's four or six months. But, you know, that's, you know, it's it's part of growing up. It's it's every

teenage boy has done the stupid things that Fitz does >> over and over. So yeah, >> your books have such a strong impact on us because you tackle so many themes. We've discussed how you wrote the themes of slavery and trauma cycles in the live ship traders. How do you dance with themes? I'll tell you something that uh Steven Burst and I used to we we we wrote a book together, The Gypsy, a long time ago and we were talking about themes and we both agreed that what you do is you

write the book and then a year or two later after it's published somebody comes up and said, "Oh, you really explored the theme of XYZ." And you say, "Oh, yes, I did." But you know, it's not like you start out saying, "I am going to explore the theme of colonialism." because then you're you're you're beating a drum. You're uh telling people this is what this is how it is and this is what you should think too. And that doesn't work in a story.

You know, go write a textbook, but um it doesn't work in a story. So, I don't pay any attention to themes when I'm writing. Sometimes there's something I care about and it obviously comes through, but it might be about chickens or it might be um any number of things that how do you treat your cousin who is annoying, you know, uh any number of things, but it's not really a theme. It's just a part of the story. >> Our dad instilled a love of reading in us from the earliest years he could.

Before we could read the books ourselves, he was reading them to us. And you shared that you also did this with your children. So, what stories were most important to you to share with them? >> Oh my goodness. Um, well, you start with at the youngest age and you do Horton Here's a Who. And, uh, Dr. Seuss has some very important things to say. I don't know if you've read Horton, Here's a Who lately, but um, it's got a very important thing to say about Lift Your Voice. Um then you go on to um bread and

jam for Francis >> or the one about you know that ends the Francis book that ends well. Do you want to be careful or do you want to be friends? Um but there's all these wonderful children's books but the the thing is children can comprehend complex language a lot sooner than they can read it. So, it's it's you can read The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings to your kids out loud and even if they are only seven or eight years old, they will pick it up and the parts that they don't get,

they glide past and then later on when they go back and read it for themselves, they will say, "Oh, yes, I kind of remember this and now I understand it." I think, you know, the most important thing that parents can do is instill a love of reading into their children because that's how you change the world. >> I agree so wholeheartedly. Yes, we just read The Hobbit to our 8-year-old. Yes. He's obsessed. >> Yeah. It's so fun reading with I feel like reading with your kids and seeing

the like discovery in their eyes and when it kind of a story clicks. >> Oh, I also feel like for us, we were very imaginative kids and we love to play dress up and like live in our imaginations and so we're doing that with our kids, too. And I feel like that's where the seeds of ideas come from is like we'll read The Hobbit to them and then they're out in the yard playing quest, going on adventures, meeting creatures, and all they have on is like a blanket wrapped around their

shoulders and a wizard's hat, but like the whole world is open to them, and that's like my favorite thing. So fun. Okay, I love that. >> Okay, our friend Becky, she's here with us this weekend. She loves to ask, "Who is a dream collaborator for you?" >> Um, I'm very selfish with my writing. Don't mess with my characters. And it's something that that Steve and I had more than a few clashes over. Like, you know, you went back in and you changed my chapter. How dare you? And um, so, you

know what I'm going to do this week? I'm going to kill every one of your characters. And I did. So, I don't think anyone wants to collaborate with me. He did manage to bring them back to life. He did manage to save them all, but um it was no, nobody wants to collaborate with me. And I'm very selfish about my characters and don't mess with my characters. So, yeah. There we go. >> She collaborates with herself. That's all she needs in her rolodex. >> Fair enough. Fair enough. Okay, this is

just a burning question I have. Maybe I could find the answer on the internet, but I just thought I'd ask you. So, you published under the name Megan Lindholm also. >> Um, what made you choose the pen name Robin Hob? >> Okay, we're going to go into the history of book publishing and buying and selling books. Okay. >> Um, long before you were a twinkle in your daddy's eye. No. Um, we had started or having computers reorder books, right? So, books come say $24. for 10

books come 24 to a case and the bookstore has sold 40 books. So the uh the the computer says oh don't order 48 books because you know order 24. So for a mid-list writer which is what I was it was very predictable that sales would gradually go down and down simply because the books were not in the store and it was a very difficult uh cycle to break. So um uh you come back with under a different name, no ordering history, and you hope you can break the cycle. >> So Robin Hob was very carefully crafted.

The name has a lot of nuances to it. It's short. It's in big letters on the cover. And I went into the bookstore. At at that time, we had stores that sold books and books were on the shelves. >> Yeah. >> And I wanted to be in a nice neighborhood. and I decided I would be near Barbara Hambley and Robert Heinline and Frank Herbert. >> Okay. >> So, I got onto the H shelf which also happened to be about at eye level. >> So, this was all very carefully crafted. So, I had a a brilliant agent at the

time who helped me with all of this. >> Oh my god, this is so strategic. I love it. This is brilliant. >> Really cool. That's so cool. Okay, not to get too cheeky, but do you think you have written your best work? >> I've always hope not, you know, I always hope there's another book. And um I haven't published a new book in what, seven, eight years, seven, eight or eight years. >> It doesn't mean I stopped writing. Um I wrote a lot of things that I did not

finish. And the the pressure from the readership and from the publisher is write some more of the same but a little bit different, right? stay in this world, uh, continue with these characters. That's not always very satisfying. >> So, I did a lot of outside writing. I did some, you know, got a lot of stuff by Megan Lindholm. Um, I was putting out some short stories which appeared in the Digest size magazines and things like that. But, um, I'm I'm back working on a book which if I manage to complete it

will be in the realm of the Elder Wings. >> Okay. if I manage to complete it. >> Well, I hope that even though it's kind of like what people are wanting that you're writing, I hope you get a lot of enjoyment through writing another book in that world. >> I wouldn't do it if I didn't. >> Okay, go ahead. >> Okay, this is our last question. So, our book club has about 1100 members online all across the world and we are currently all reading the live ship

traders together and we're loving it. We are hearing comments like, "This is the best thing I've ever read. These are my favorite characters. I've never cried so much. Everyone loves Paragon so much." So, we just wanted to know it would mean a lot to them. Is there anything any message for those readers since they can't all be with us today to meet you? Is there anything that you'd like to say to them? >> Just a big thank you. Readers are what keeps us writing. You know, if if people

don't read it, we don't write it. So, thank you. And that's everything I have to say. I love it. >> Thank you so much. >> Well, that was awesome. Thank you so much for taking some time to answer our questions. I feel like my cup is full. Um, yeah, just thank you so much. >> Well, um, thank you for having me and I've really enjoyed my time here. Thank you. >> If you are listening anywhere where you can like or subscribe or leave a comment, please do that so we can keep

interviewing amazing humans. And we'll see you guys in the next one. Bye. And I bet we could just get over myself and give me a chance. [Music]

